# https://github.com/jonas/tig/blob/master/tigrc#L321
color "---"			                white	default
color "index "			            white	default
color "diff --"			            white	default
color "@@"			                white	default
color "Author: "		            white	default
color "Commit: "		            white	default
color "AuthorDate: "		        white	default
color "CommitDate: "		        white	default
color "TaggerDate: "		        white	default
color "\ No newline at end of file"	          white	default

color diff-stat                 95      default
color date                      172     default
color "Merge: "                 cyan    default
color graph-commit              red     default
color id                        167     default
color "author "                 95      default
color cursor                    white   101     bold

color palette-0                 93      default
color palette-1                 95      default
color palette-2                 124     default
color palette-7                 90      default bold

color delimiter                 90      default
color main-tracked              99      default bold
